Qiu Ye
Today, I will introduce you to one.
Li Yi
Authentic work by Tang Bohu
Sunset is lonely
He sent it.
The boy has good eyesight.
I dare to do a business with Master Qiu
Look at these things. He's worth 2 million
Master Qiu, please take a closer look.
But don't be fooled by Li Yi, this bastard
Jewelry Mengchen
How many masterpieces are hidden in things
I believe in Master Qiu's vision
If you say so
I really need to take a good look
Master Qiu, this is all a pile of garbage
Something that no one looks at in the toilet
Oh, Li Xiaoyong.
You are really my noble
I have a Song Dynasty noun
Exactly two pieces missing
I've been searching for so many years and can't find it.
I found it with you. Okay.
That shows that you have lived up to your heart
But you got what you wanted.
Young master, please take a closer look.
But don't let Li Yi be the bastard
Fool
Why are you questioning my vision?